>> Steve Kinney: The other popular
thing that comes up a lot is this idea
of what's called MCP Server or
Model Context Protocol.
To be clear,
one Model Context Protocol servers are not
unique to just the AI coding agents.
You can use them in the cloud desktop app,
definitely the OpenAI SDK API
as well as the Gemini one.
It is a standard for
Manthropic that has taken some amount
of foothold across all of
the other providers as well.
And the best way to think about this, and
we'll see in a slide in a second, but
is think about as ways to extend the
functionality of a given LLM that you're
working with.
Here's a collection of me taking various
runs at metaphors all on one slide.
Choose the metaphor that
makes you the happiest,
you can consider it like APIs for LLMs.
The same way you would
hit the Twilio API or
the stripe API,
you can also hit MCP server APIs as well.
In fact, a lot of MCP servers
are wrappers over APIs.
They're basically saying, hey,
hey, Claude or ChatGPT or
Gemini, tell me that you
want to hit the GitHub API,
I'll do it and
give you the result effectively.
That's a better metaphor than I
wrote on any of these slides.
Basically, it is the core way that
any of these coding agent framework
thingies can connect to other services and
do additional things outside
of what they can do, right.
And they are relatively easy to do.
Again, we are not doing a full
talk on everything MCP today,
we're doing just enough so
we can go use one.
And so, there's some kind of host in this
case that is Cursor or Claude code for us.
What are some examples?
Okay, I don't have JIRA anymore.
I would have totally used one that
can pull in stories from Jira and
just like pull from Jira and do stuff
with Jira and manage all my Jira tickets.
Because I'm writing all these
documents now about features.
I could have written them in JIRA and
pulled them in.
I understand Die a hero will live
long enough to become the villain.
But you can have it like, reach out
to Jira and pull in the next story
with all of its acceptance criteria and
stuff along those lines.
Or GitHub to pull in issues which
Cursor has built in, as we saw before.
I could just connect it then Claude code
if you have that GitHub command line tool.
The GH tool can also do
most of the GitHub stuff.
I don't tend to install that GitHub one
too often because each one has its own
built-in way to do that.
The other ones that a lot of
people use are one that's
just like wraps, like a Postgres driver.
Let this one sink in for
a second, you can trust your
LLM agent to execute
Postgres commands directly.
Remember that screenshot I said before?
Whatever dropped our entire database?
You can do that too.
The Supabase one is actually super
interesting because you can like.
And what you should be doing
the PostgreSQL one too is you need
to pull in the schemas, right?
Like yeah, you could have gotten
the schema yourself, put in a markdown or
JSON file.
Getting the ability to get the schemas of
your data structures itself can be useful.
Another one that is useful is
the ability to like drive playwright or
puppeteer or
firecrawl which is like a web scraper.
So it can then spin up a puppeteer
browser and do stuff like scrape the web.
The more limitations that we need to
deal with is one, what is the thing
that I care the most about which is
keeping the context window tidy.
The way that these tools work
is you register MCP server and
it goes I can do all these things.
I can open up GitHub issues and I can
close pull requests, and I can drop your
database from the Postgres1, and I can get
your Supa base schema, and I can cool.
You need to tell the LLM all
the tools it has available.
Guess what that eats into again
in that context window is tokens.
So, if you are using max mode or
one of these fancier models,
or in the case of Claude code.
If you are one of the fancy plans, you can
switch between the Opus and Sonnet, but
your rate limits are different.
They are cutting into your rate limits.
So going like crazy and
installing all of them just
because is going to hurt cost you
be a waste any one of those choose.
So yeah, some of the ones that exist,
as I said before,
the GitHub one is a thing again.
It can do everything.
You can go in there, grab a personal
access token for whatever you wanted.
Like hey, I want you like.
And I think there's some really
powerful stuff with this one.
Like as somebody used to run
an open-source project and
dreaded clicking on the issues to see and
having to triage them,
like being able to pull them into
like JIRA or something like that.
Or like do some amount of triage,
like automatically tag them at least and
put them in categories so
I can like process a given one than just
going through in chronological order.
Totally, I mean you can have it
change like GitHub workflows.
Anything you can do with the GitHub API,
it's a wrapper over the API.
So if you can do with the GitHub API%,
you can do it with the GitHub MCP
server with the token as you set it up.
The one that I have not used simply
because right now I don't have a designer.
I still worked at my last job.
I can't decide where to hook this up, and
I definitely would have used it
hooks into Figma's dev mode.
Which kind of gives you the shape and
structure of the components in
a given design and lets it query that.
So you can literally build
probably not to my standards,
but things that look like the Figma
design, and they're like presently for
the first time in four
years I don't use Figma.
But I will and I will use it again and
you can pull that stuff in which
I think is super cool notion.
So, I keep a lot of my documents
in markdown files right now.
But historically Ryl and
I have used Notion as where we
kept all of our documentation.
We probably will at some point.
So this allows it to kind of like hook
into a Notion database query Notion,
get documents.
So you can kind of start to keep
either your product requirements or
your implementation plans outside of
Markdown files and somewhere else and
let the model go in and
pull all the stuff out of Notion, right.
Again, it's ways to connect
outside services from your LLM and
like not all of these
will be useful to you.
And that Cursor dot directory, guess what,
has like hundreds of them, right?
There's also like an awesome MCP list and
so
you can go find the ones I
would say like again in silver.
They have a token cost just installing
anyone you want, just cause dumb right?
Hey, there's a tool that would actually
change my workflow install it.
Jira has one,
I will use it if I still use Jira.
So no judgment, so
this is Cursor Directory MCP.
Cursors got that at Web Search but
if you wanted to use Brave, great.
Cursor's got a slack integration but there
is stuff like the Stripe API or anything
along those lines that you wanted to hook
into that you find it use definitely.
It's worth a look and experimentation.
We'll show how to install
one in a second one,
I use a lot even though I
probably don't need to be,
is context 7 which all this is a website.
Where somebody has ingested the docs for
tons of libraries and
frameworks and cut them up into
smaller pieces that are LLM friendly.
So if you wanted just the Svelte docs and
using Svelte runes,
you could say, hey Claude,
whatever cursor, go get me those docs and
write them to this markdown file so
I can reference them.
Or like ephemerally go get them and
put them into the context, right?
And so I've been using like, could I
also that I have a website where I could
totally go copy and paste that stuff.
Yes, so you got to decide.
But it's also nice to get up to
date prompts and just like again,
it's a place where we talked about
this background agents before.
Could you have a scheduled task that said,
like, hey, go look at my code, figure out
what the relevant documentation that we
would want and go add markdown files to.
Like I keep a folder called reference,
you can keep them with another one called
docs, I don't care what you call it and
go pull those into the repo.